Cluster quick install (#1009)
temporalio/documentation: docs/go/run-your-first-app-tutorial.md

## ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/temporalio/documentation-images/main/static/repair-tools.png) Project setup

Before starting, make sure you have looked over the [tutorial prerequisites](/docs/go/tutorial-prerequisites).

> Basically, make sure the Temporal Server is running (using [Docker is the fastest way](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/clusters/quick-install)), and your Go version is above v1.14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basically, make sure the Temporal Server is running (using [Docker is the fastest way](https://docs.temporal.io/docs/clusters/quick-install)), and your Go version is v1.14 or later.
```
